the mood is tense. You get the feeling someone just delivered bad news
the mood is tense, as two groups are eyeing each other. Violence hangs palpable in the air
the mood is hostile. Looks like you’ve interrupted some kind of stand-off
a party is in full swing. You are dragged inside, introduced to everyone, handed cinnamon rolls by a sweet old lady and set bewildered at a round table off to the side by a very patient young man in a party hat
a celebration of the Tavern’s local protector saint is in full swing! Anyone wearing a holy symbol gets the first drink for free
the tables have been arranged for a wedding reception. There’s still room at the smaller tables, but someone else is gonna be the main party tonight
a few families have gathered to celebrate a returning son, who is busy being handed drink and retelling tales of his exploits defending the Bulwark’s Obeahn border
people are enjoying themselves. A table of solidly built older women are having a drinking contest with a table of equally rotund men. They’re winning, to the cheers of the rest of the patrons
a traveling bard has stirred up the locals to celebratory levels of drink and laughter. Good times seems to be had
people are laughing and drinking, shouting to each other to be heard over the noise of people having a good time
you can see a large bearded man carrying one of the serving girls slung over his shoulder, laughing to the cheers of his mates while she smiles patiently and pretends to hand out steins to those they pass. She waves you inside as the man turns for another tour between the tables
patrons are enjoying food and drink in good mood by the roaring fire
people are eating, drinking and socializing in good humor. There is room for a few more
you can hear roaring laughter. The fireplace is well stoked and a handsome serving boy waves you over as he clears a table
the hearth is burning, the patrons are cheerful and the air is warm and smoky
the place is half-full. Seems like people are still arriving
people are relaxing, having food and enjoying each others’ company
the mood is good
the place seems an oasis of calm. Fire in the hearth. Slow conversation at the tables. Two Kitkin are lounging lazily on the rug in front of the fireplace, looking for all the world like they own the place
the place is nearly empty
a large dog greets you at the door, eagerly taking in your scents and checking for treats or pets. Doesn’t look like there are too many patrons in here yet, just a pair of old men playing a game in the corner booth
the mood is calm. Quiet converasions are had over food and drink. A lone, predatory deviant is left alone at a corner table, but otherwise the room seems in a good mood
the sound of music hits you like a wall of sound. Three bards with reed pipes and a trumpet are drowning out any chance at conversation, to the cheer of the audience
a sweet-voiced bard is just finishing off the last verse of ‘Isolde’s tears’
the crisp notes of a lute rise over the muted conversations of the patrons having food or drink at the tables
the place is empty, but for a lone figure
the place is packed to the brim. You can barely fit inside
you notice the place has been reserved for a party later in the evening
the place is a little cool, but the fire is going in the hearth and it will probably warm soon
the place is cold. A faint smell of rotten eggs still hangs over everything and every window is open to vent out the smell
the place is warm and comfortable. Conversations lull as you enter, but pick up again after a moment, to the familiar clink of glasses and cultery
the place is warm and cozy
the fire and people have heated to room to a comfortable degree, leaving a miasma of smoke and sweat hanging in the air
the light is low, but the fire is going, giving the place a cozy evening feeling
a table of guardsmen has put a damper on the mood
the mood is good, but you can see quite a few patrons have given a table of rough-looking men a wide berth
there seems to be some kind of contest going on. A group of skrath (rat deviants) are trying to have a good time at their table while the rest of the tavern seem adamant on trying to make them leave by glaring at them
there is a strange mood. A group of paladins and their retinue are enjoying a refreshment at a table, while the patrons in the rest of the room doesn’t seem too keen on adding to their tallies of sins under the gaze of holy men
the room seem to have been split into two camps. A band of roguish riff-raff is lounging confidently in one half of the room, while the other half seems defended by the regulars, unsure how to deal with this intrusion into their regular lives
a group of watchmen seem to have appropriated the back half for some kind of initiation ritual
your eyes are immediately drawn to the hulking figures of three trolls hunched over a table. The regulars seem rather nervous about their presence
you notice a colourful trio of naga occupying a table. They seem out of place
the place is filled with cheerful patrons enjoying food and drink
a man is leading the cheerful crowd in a toast for a local hero, who, somewhat blushing, is having drinks proffered at them from all directions
a sallow deviant slowly croons out a melancholic tune from a corner by the fire, accompanied by chords strummed on a five-string lute
a few listless patrons stare into their mugs, keeping to themselves
a few men are playing cards at a table, drinking their sorrows and aches away
a dramatic scene unfolds. Wide eyes turn towards you as you enter, expressing bewilderment and shock. A very pale cleric sits slumped in a chair, fanned by a barmaid’s apron. A wailing woman repeats the words ‘Bad omen’ while others try to calm her and more than one are muttering prayers of protection and deliverance
you are met by the rush of a paniked crowd making for the door you entered through
a man’s fever-pitch voice just reaches the climax of his rousing speech, with the words “...only chance at salvation is to burn such ‘Adventurers’ at a stake!” as the crowd cheers in agreement. At first one, then more and more faces turn towards you
seven people in purple robes stand chanting around one of the tables, upon which lies the prone form of a naked woman. Your eyes meet in the otherwise empty room. “I could have sworn I locked that door.” one of them says in the sudden silence
everyone seems to be in a particularly foul mood, as if the ale was sour, food rancid and the taxman in the back room
a lone man in a cook’s apron sits drinking at a table
a few angry patrons are yelling about what sounds like ‘Ale tax’, trying to rouse their compatriots to a fast and ill considered revolt
