the menu itself. Just a piece of cardboard with letters. No food. Dang
oatmeal. Gruel. 1cp nourishment
apple mush. Sweet, but without substance. 2cp to fill your bowl
humble pie (filled with tripe or cow heel). 3cp per serving
acorn soup. Squalid. And they demand 3 whole coppers for it
rice and peas. Is there a food shortage. Cheap, at 3cp, at least
green chili stew. Cheap bulk food, 3cp a serving
grilled snake and macadamia. Who even pays 3cp for this
frogs on skewers. Someone’s been busy hunting the marshes. 3cp for three frogs on a stick
onion soup. A classic. Cheap, though, only 3cp for a bowl
lizard gruel with nutbread. Squirrels provide cheap labour, only 3cp per serving
crisped worm skewers and potatoes. Anything is good on a stick. 3cp gets you a bowl and a stick
rat on a stick, grilled to crispy delight! 3cp will get your belly’s fill
oatmeal porridge, with bits of roots and vegetable. Tastier than it sounds. 6cp for a bowl
mushroom stew with corn bread. A classic. 6cp for a good helping
leg of mutton and goose eggs. Fancy, yet affordable at 6cp for a healthy protein dinner
beef stew and sourdough bread. Standard 6cp food for adventurers
squash and fish soup. Kinda watery, but cheap at 6cp for dinner
mutton meatloaf! My favourite! 6cp for as much as you can eat
rabbit and baked pumpkin pie. Kinda autumny. 6cp for a serving seems cheap
bread-bowl stew. Easy way to skip dishes. 6cp for a bread-bowl with mediocre stew
hot beet soup and fresh bread. Maybe not that fresh. 6cp for a meal
bog-beetle dumplings. Tastes like it sounds, although some consider it a delicacy. 6cp
wayfarers' cake. And here you hoped it wouldn’t be more rations. 6cp for a meal, though
cooked wolf steak. Who even cooks wolf? A tough, lean serving is 6cp
Karolainen pot pie and beaver soup. A cultural experience! 6cp for some strange and foreign food
thistle salad with roasted grubs. Deviant food. Cheap, though, at 6cp
barbecued gopher legs on a stick. Where did the rest of the gophers go? 6cp will fill your belly, at least
grilled wild boar chops! Yum! 3sp for a hearty meal
broiled salmon and potatoes, both well cooked and tender. 3sp will fill your hungry belly
roast chicken and potatoes. Tastes like anything. 3sp for a meal
smoked sausage, goose eggs and dates. Someone’s experimenting in the kitchen, I guess. 3sp for some experimental dinner
cheese pie and onion soup. Good standard wayfarer’s food. 3sp to fill your belly
baked boar and greens. Smells delicious! 3sp for a hot plate of steaming food
minted pea soup. Surprisingly good, and costed thereafter. 3sp for a 
baked goat flank. Smells of pepper and woodsmoke. 3sp
rabbit stew on thin willowbark crackers. Needs a little extra salt, but otherwise definitely worth the 3sp
lemming and berry soup. Apparently this troll cooking is catching on. 3sp for some exotic troll food
honey braised boar ribs. Can’t go wrong with that! 8sp, but they’re worth it
venison and bean stew. Finest game in the region. 8sp for a meal
buffaloaf and honeyed corn. 8sp for an Orderland classic!
a rack of lamb platter. Comes with mashed potatoes and complementary cheeses! 8sp, though
pork chop & curds. Just look at the size of those chops… 8sp worth of them
allbread. One of those imported ACU-foods. All you need, in a small greyish loaf. 8sp per serving 
baked loin of pork with gravy. Can make a herbivore water at the mouth! 8sp will get you all you might need
roasted cod and mashed potatoes. Someone here knows how to cook fish! 8sp for some finer food
beef steak and kidney pie. Put some meat on those bones, for 8sp
clams and garlic. Might not suit everyone’s tastes, but man, you get a whole tray for 8sp
toasted Nelendin bread with spiced Conqueror snail-butter. Mao, as the snail would have said! 8sp for this delicacy is a steal
grayling prawns poached with lancet kaviar in garlic butter fried noodles. Ahh, good stuff. 8sp for a serving
grilled halloumi with morels on wheat bed. Fancy! 8sp for a meal
toasted snake gizzards on rye bread. Hard to make, so pretty pricey at 8sp
smoked veal. 8sp for the finest poache… eh, perfectly legal game..
steam-cooked lamb, mixed root and turnip mash and four small beers from local brewers
rainbow root and watercress chestnuts on white fish flank, served with rice and sauce for a mere 8sp
cinnabar peppers and chicken salami on a bagel train, drenched in gravy. Tastes like home. At least for someone. 8sp
baked pheasant with green spring leeks. Absolutely delicious. 2gp, though
smoked salmon and wild berries on couscous marinara. The cook knows what they’re doing. 2gp is worth it
chocolate covered ants and roast pelican. Culinary debauchery! 2gp
barbecued tiger fish and papaya. Exotic! 2gp, though
stuffed trout, cabbage, kimerichi and plum pudding. For 2gp, it is tempting, but expensive
braised beef and pears with ginger, served on a bed of pureed and baked vegetable tops. 2gp for this
meerkat dumplings with sage. All the way from Obeah. You don’t get that kind of fare for cheap; 2gp for a meal
roast stag in antler sauce. Might as well cover the table with your meal. 4gp to demonstrate your tastes to the common folk
poached and peppered quail eggs. It’s the best the house can do! 4gp for a nest
spiced monkey tail on roasted cashews. Imported with the cook. 4gp for a real fancy dinner
broiled duck stuffed in roast heron. Two birds on one plate for 4gp
lobster in tomato cream sauce. A classic the peasants will never have! 4gp
crab-stuffed lobster tail, served with the appropriate utensils and tools. 4gp for this deep sea delicacy
roast pheasant in oyster sauce. 4gp is a steal for this fine bird
fried ostrich and egg omelet. Might as well eat the whole cycle of life while you’re at it. 4gp to have it all
